All right guys so we have the H.T. mail for our template.
Now we want to start to style it.
All right so if we go to our style sheet right now we just have the padding top on the body.
So we're going to continue on here.
And you want to style the body as well as all the headings.
OK.
And for those we want to just change the font.
All right.
I'm just going to pieces and we're going to use the lotto or the Ledo font and get that in there.
Next we want the class of lead.
I'm just going to set the font size for that image set to 18 pixels and I'll set the font weight to
400.
All right.
So next we have the Showcase area that's going to have all of its text aligned to the center.
They will have the color white and for the for the image and the height of the showcase that those are
going to be dynamic.
So we're going to set those in the Word Press back and.
And to be able to customize them we want them to be in the h t m l or in the peach file not in the style
.
All right so what we're going to do here is I'm going to open up index each team now and we're just
going to put a style tag in the head area and then we'll add showcase
and we can put the height.
So we'll set that to 700 and then set the background to a u r l.
And and here we want to say Daut slash image slash showcase dot Jay peg.
All right.
And these are going to be customizable in the future.
So let's go ahead and take a look at that.
OK so we have our showcase area and go back to the success and let's do the H-1.
So we're going to add some teks shadow.
We're going to change the size and the color
.
All right.
Let's take a look at that.
OK so that heading looks good.
Now we'll do the lead which is this paragraph right here.
So showcase we're going to say P-Dog lead and you just paste this stuff in case same type of formatting
as the heading just smaller.
Right now I want this to be pushed into the middle more so we're going to take that showcase content
live
and we're going to set a width of 50 percent same margin.
Auto and let's say in margin top 10 percent.
All right so that just makes it thinner and it pushes it down.
Now these buttons here I think are a little too close together.
So we're going to go ahead and say showcase
showcase a lot between and let's just set a margin right.
Twenty pixels right now we don't have the icons here so I will actually want to do that in the index
page I don't we don't have the font awesome style sheet.
So we're just kind of had that
.
And then down here where we have these.
OK we already have the Eikon classes so we should be all set.
All right.
So moving along that's good for the showcase.
Now for this we have a section a section B section.
So it's first style section.
We're going to say tatting top and bottom will be 50 and then 0 on the left and right.
And we're also going to set the background color to light gray.
All right.
And then S. B we can just copy that section b same padding to the background.
Let's see the background color should be white.
Actually no we just don't.
We just won't include it.
And we want to set a border on the top and bottom of one pixel solid and light gray.
OK same thing on the bottom.
And then there's also a class of section heading
and I want to just set the margin bottom to 10 pixels.
All right.
So let's look at that.
So Section A and B looks good.
So now for the banner.
OK.
Now the banner is also going to have a custom image.
So let's go to our index file and we'll go ahead and just copy that.
Change this to Banner
and change this to Banner dot j peg.
All right.
And then we also want to add on here.
No repeat.
And then we want to center center.
All right.
And then over here we also have our being our class
and we're going to say padding we're going to do a hundred zero color or be light gray.
And let's say background size cover.
OK.
Now for the heading which is an H to set the margin of that is 0.
We're going to add some text shadow and also the font size will be 3 m k then for the social buttons
.
So the banner social buttons
let's say floats right in margin top will be zero.
OK.
Take a look.
That looks good.
Now for the Forder.
We're going to set padding 50 on the top and bottom.
Set a background color
of light gray.
All right.
So that's those are basically all the core styles.
Now if we go to a blouse Let's do this titlebar.
So the titlebar
in there will have padding 15 on the top and bottom would say quarter bottom
and margins.
Actually you know I don't want to do the margin here.
OK.
And then for the H one that's in the title we're just going to set the counting and the margin to zero
.
All right.
So for the sub now we need to style that.
So we're going to say Daut sub now and we want to grab the UL and we want to float that to the right
.
We'll add padding top
and let's set list style to 9.